docs: Improve LogLevel docs (#875)
elastic/apm-agent-dotnet: docs/configuration.asciidoc

}
----

> With this you can use any configuration source that you configured on the `IConfiguration` instance that you passed to the APM Agent.

Author: This sentence doesn't make sense to me. What does "configuration source" reference?

Reviewer: > This sentence doesn't make sense to me. What does "configuration source" reference?

[This doc from Microsoft](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/configuration/?view=aspnetcore-3.1) explains it - the term "configuration source" also comes from that doc. The config source can be a setting file, but also environment variables, or also some custom thing, or some cloud specific config thing, etc.

In practice this means agent config values can come from any of those sources. The idea here is that the agent is configured the same way as any other library, so the intention for doing this is better integration.

Can we maybe just link to that Microsoft doc? Or do we try to avoid doing so, because that doc is not under our control and could be moved?

Author: Hah, that's the same doc I was reading earlier, but I must've missed that section. I think we should definitely link to that file.

Author: Added in a link to the documentation!

> With this you can use any configuration source that you configured on the `IConfiguration` instance that you passed to the APM Agent.

Author: ```suggestion
With this setup, the Agent is able to be configured in the same way as any other library in your application.
For example, any configuration source that has been configured on the `IConfiguration` instance being passed to the APM Agent can be used to set Agent configuration values.

More information is available in the official https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/configuration/?view=aspnetcore-3.1[Microsoft .NET Core configuration docs]
```

You can find the key for each APM configuration option in this documentation, under the `IConfiguration or Web.config key` column of the option's description.

NOTE: It is also possible to call `UseElasticApm()` without the overload. In this case, the agent will only read configurations from environment variables.

> NOTE: The `UseElasticApm` method only turns on ASP.NET Core monitoring. To turn on tracing for everything supported by the Agent on .NET Core, including HTTP and database monitoring, use the `UseAllElasticApm` method from the `Elastic.Apm NetCoreAll` package. Learn more in <<setup-asp-net-core,ASP.NET Core setup>>.

Author: I'm not pumped on two NOTEs in a row, but I think they make more sense at the end of this section, instead of breaking it up like before.

[float]
[[sample-config]]
==== Sample configuration file

Here is a sample `appsettings.json` configuration file for a typical ASP.NET Core application. There are two important takeaways, which are listed as callouts below the example:

[source,js]
----
{
  "Logging": {
    "LogLevel": { <1>
      "Default": "Warning",
      "Elastic.Apm": "Debug"
    }
  },
  "AllowedHosts": "*",
  "ElasticApm": <2>
    {
      "ServerUrls":  "http://myapmserver:8200",
      "SecretToken":  "apm-server-secret-token",
      "TransactionSampleRate": 1.0
    }
}
----

> <1> With ASP.NET Core, you must set `LogLevel` for the internal APM logger in the standard `Logging` section with the `ElasticApm` category name.

Author: Should the "category name" be `Elastic.Apm` or `ElasticApm`?

Reviewer: It's `Elastic.Apm`.

Author: Fixed

> <1> With ASP.NET Core, you must set `LogLevel` for the internal APM logger in the standard `Logging` section with the `ElasticApm` category name.

Author: ```suggestion
<1> With ASP.NET Core, you must set `LogLevel` for the internal APM logger in the standard `Logging` section with the `Elastic.Apm` category name.
```
